feat(external-secrets): add new integration for External Secrets Operator (#3056)
DataDog/integrations-extras: external_secrets/README.md

# Agent Check: External Secrets

## Overview

> The External Secrets Operator (ESO) synchronizes secrets from external providers (e.g. HashiCorp Vault, AWS Secrets Manager) into Kubernetes Secrets. This integration provides visibility into ESO's health and performance, including reconciliation rates, provider API calls, secret sync status, and controller runtime metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [External Secrets Operator][13] (ESO) synchronizes secrets from external providers, such as HashiCorp Vault or AWS Secrets Manager, into Kubernetes Secrets. This integration provides visibility into ESO's health and performance, including reconciliation rates, provider API calls, secret sync status, and controller runtime metrics.
```

Rewording to avoid `e.g.` per our style guide. Also added a link to the website (and the corresponding reference down below)

## Setup

### Installation

If you are using Agent v6.8+ follow the instructions below to install the External Secrets check on your host. See the dedicated Agent guide for [installing community integrations][1] to install checks with the [Agent Manager][2] or in a [Docker environment][4].

1. [Download and launch the Datadog Agent][3].

> 2. Run the following command to install the integrations wheel with the Agent:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run the following command to install the Agent integration:
```

   ```shell
   datadog-agent integration install -t datadog-external-secrets==<INTEGRATION_VERSION>
   ```

> 3. Configure your integration like [any other packaged integration][5].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Configure your integration in the same way as core [integrations][5].
```

### Configuration

> 1. Edit the `external_secrets.d/conf.yaml` file in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your [Agent's configuration directory][6] to start collecting your External Secrets Operator [metrics](#metrics). See the [sample external_secrets.d/conf.yaml][7] for all available configuration options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Edit the `external_secrets.d/conf.yaml` file in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your [Agent's configuration directory][6] to start collecting your External Secrets Operator metrics. See the [sample external_secrets.d/conf.yaml][7] for all available configuration options.
```

The jump link won't render correctly in the app, so it's best to just remove it

2. [Restart the Agent][8].

### Validation

[Run the Agent's status subcommand][9] and look for `external_secrets` under the Checks section.

## Data Collected

### Metrics

See [metadata.csv][10] for a list of metrics provided by this integration.

### Service Checks

See [service_checks.json][11] for a list of service checks provided by this integration.

### Events

The External Secrets integration does not include any events.

## Troubleshooting

> Need help? Contact [Datadog support][12].

Reviewer: @willianccs should support requests go to you, or to Datadog support?

Author: @evazorro I guess it's better go to Datadog support. Is it okay for you?

Reviewer: That's fine for us! Just note that you have a different support email listed here: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/pull/3056/changes#diff-cc3f4c3602fc12ddd65140079fc2ab52751b1c22e136b4fe9e05713c1c62dc3cR61

Author: @evazorro thanks for pointing that out! I followed the same pattern I used for the resilience4j integration (personal support_email in the manifest). I wasn't sure what the preferred convention is for community integrations should `support_email` point to Datadog support instead of the author? If you could clarify, I'll make sure to get it right for any future integrations. Thanks!

[1]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/use-community-integrations/
[2]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/agent-commands/?tab=agentv6v7#start-stop-and-restart-the-agent
[3]: https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings/agent/latest
[4]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/use-community-integrations/?tab=docker
[5]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/integrations/
[6]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/agent-configuration-files/#agent-configuration-directory
[7]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/blob/master/external_secrets/datadog_checks/external_secrets/data/conf.yaml.example
[8]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/agent-commands/#start-stop-and-restart-the-agent
[9]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/agent-commands/#agent-status-and-information
[10]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/blob/master/external_secrets/metadata.csv
[11]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/blob/master/external_secrets/assets/service_checks.json

> [12]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[12]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/
[13]: https://external-secrets.io/
```
